[release v0.128.1] bump changelog (#6384)
signalfx/splunk-otel-collector: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

## v0.128.1

> No functional difference to v0.128.0.  Bumping version due to issues in release pipeline regarding chocolatey. Any v0.128.0 docker image, msi, binary, zip, etc should be bitwise identical, but prefer v0.128.1 tagged artifacts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

No functional difference to v0.128.0.  Bumping version due to issues in the release pipeline. Any v0.128.0 docker image, msi, binary, zip, etc should be bitwise identical, but prefer v0.128.1 tagged artifacts.
```
